so like I thought doesn't have the
little job' in there so I'm gonna have
to figure out how that comes off oh this
is the exhaust by the way so if you look
at that I don't know what that part is
it's not a catalytic converter and it's
also not a muffler resonator that's what
a little optimal call it so the
resonator you can see is flat and this
tip is not so I need to rotate this and
then reinstall it and I need to make
this mount better it's never been very
good so what I have to do is find my
screwdriver and see if I can figure out
how this thing works have a some type of
circle maybe it twists you know the
worst part about this is that I don't
even know if this works
okay so I got the little thingy off
it was a let it go it was sort of a
thread a thread of sorts so it spins off
like this and then this little thing
apparently has a gasket that's
completely gone I believe it also has
another wire right there this should
just kind of come out hopefully this
thing is meant absolutely it doesn't
look too bad except for the fact that I
thought it was looks like there was
liquid in that float so I don't know all
right to me
um I think this new oh I need to
remember which way that one in so it was
kind of like that and I was it like that
I think it was just like that so I'm
gonna assume that's positive side
towards the bottom around go in like but
before I put it in I want to see if
there's a bag oh cool it comes with new
ring too awesome
I might get away with with just reusing
this one I seem to remember the gas
gauge working so so that's a plus
all right so I'm gonna do Nagata like I
said I got a wire brush laughing alright
so I want to show you before I can't
cover it all with paint so I've scraped
this pretty well and now I'm going
through with primer rusty metal primer
and priming it so yeah I'm gonna prime
it all and then I'll show you okay so
that is all primer did so I'll let that
dry should only take a few minutes and
then I'll paint it I'm just gonna paint
it green and that'll just be enough to
keep it from rusting any more and
protect it whatnot um so what I also
have to do is find some rubber straps to
go on top of the tank these are the old
ones that I'm just not convinced that
they're going to be the what I want so
yeah that's what I'm doing
you